h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.exe
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.deps.json
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.runtimeconfig.json
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.runtimeconfig.dev.json
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.dll
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\ref\lab2prepPaint.dll
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.pdb
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\pl-PL\lab2prepPaint.resources.dll
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.Form1.resources
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.Properties.Resources.resources
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.Form1.pl-PL.resources
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.AssemblyInfo.cs
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\pl-PL\lab2prepPaint.resources.dll
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.dll
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\ref\lab2prepPaint.dll
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.pdb
h:\Windows7\Desktop\yusupovy win\lab2prepPaint\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\lab2prepPaint.genruntimeconfig.cache
